README.md, before:

<!--
## Maximilian Schumacher 👋
*B.Eng. Biotechnology ; (M.Sc. Pharma-Biotechnology)*


👨🏼‍🎓 I’m currently working on my master’s thesis at the [Gene Center Munich](https://www.genzentrum.uni-muenchen.de/research-groups/klughammer/index.html).

🌱 I’m currently learning ...

📫 How to reach me: [schummax@icloud.com](mailto:schummax@icloud.com)

💻 I've got experience working with:
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Python&color=3776AB&logo=Python&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Bash](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Bash&color=000000&logo=gnubash&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.bash.org/)
[![Snakemake](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Snakemake&color=039575&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://snakemake.github.io/)

...

### Project Portfolio 
**(👨🏼‍💻 Work in progress ...)**

| 🚀 **Project** | 🔗 **Link** | 🟢 **Skills** |
| - | - | - |
| P1 | L1 | S1 |
-->

# Maximilian Schumacher 👋
*B.Eng. Biotechnology ; (M.Sc. Pharma-Biotechnology)*

👨🏼‍🎓 I’m currently working on my master’s thesis at the [Gene Center Munich](https://www.genzentrum.uni-muenchen.de/research-groups/klughammer/index.html).

📫 How to reach me: [schummax@icloud.com](mailto:schummax@icloud.com)

---
### 🟢 Certificates

I am currently completing two courses:
1. **Genomic Data Science** *by Johns Hopkins University*
2. **Interpreting Genomic Variation: Fundamental Principles** *by City St George's, University of London*

---

### 💻 Skills & Experience

**Languages & Core Libraries:**
<br>
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Python&color=3776AB&logo=Python&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Pandas&color=150458&logo=Pandas&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
[![Polars](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Polars&color=150458&logo=Polars&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.pola.rs/)
[![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=NumPy&color=4D77CF&logo=NumPy&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://numpy.org/)
[![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Jupyter&color=F37626&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://jupyter.org/)
[![Bash](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Bash&color=000000&logo=gnubash&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)

**Workflow & High-Performance Computing (HPC):**
<br>
[![Snakemake](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Snakemake&color=039575&logo=Snakemake&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://snakemake.github.io/)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Linux&color=FCC624&logo=Linux&logoColor=000000)](https://www.linux.org/)
[![Slurm](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Slurm&color=003A6A&logo=Slurm&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://slurm.schedmd.com/)

---

### 🚀 Project Portfolio

**(🚫 Work in progress ...)**

| Project | Description | Link |
| - | - | - |
| Tree example variant classifications (ACMG) | Presentation of three variant classification with rationale. | [example_variant_classifications](https://github.com/schummax/example_variant_classifications) |
| Clinical Genomics Reanalysis | Reanalyzing sequencing data with updated variant databases to improve diagnostic yield. | - |
| Best Practice Variant Calling | Simple snakemake workflow, based on best practices. | - |
<!--
| Project | Description | Link | Skills |
| - | - | - | - |
| **Reproducible Research & Large-Scale Studies** |
| SeuratExtend | Recreation of analysis from "SeuratExtend: streamlining single-cell RNA-seq analysis". | [GitHub](https://github.com/huayc09/SeuratExtend) | `scRNA-seq`, `R`, `Python Integration`, `Functional Enrichment` |
| AlphaPept | Analysis framework from "AlphaPept: a modern and open framework for MS-based proteomics". | [GitHub](https://github.com/MannLabs/alphapept) | `Proteomics`, `Mass Spectrometry`, `Machine Learning`, `HDF5` |
| GraphBAN | Implementation of "GraphBAN: An inductive graph-based approach for enhanced prediction of compound-protein interactions". | [GitHub](https://github.com/HamidHadipour/GraphBAN) | `Deep Learning`, `Graph Neural Networks`, `Drug Discovery` |
| RNA-FM | Using the "RNA foundation model for highly accurate RNA structure and function predictions". | [GitHub](https://github.com/ml4bio/RNA-FM) | `Transformer Models`, `RNA Biology`, `Self-Supervised Learning` |
| Multi-center RNA-seq | Benchmarking study from "A real-world multi-center RNA-seq benchmarking study". | [Snakemake Pipeline](https://github.com/lyaqing/snakemake_rnaseq.git) | `RNA-seq`, `Benchmarking`, `Snakemake`, `Quality Control` |
| **Figure Reproduction & Reanalysis** |
| FigureOneLab | Recreating Figure 1 from high-impact computational biology papers. | [GitHub](https://github.com/deanslee/FigureOneLab) | `scRNA-seq`, `Data Visualization`, `Jupyter` |
| Genomics Paper Figures | Step-by-step reproduction of figures from genomics publications. | [Tutorial](https://crazyhottommy.github.io/reproduce_genomics_paper_figures/) | `R`, `Bioconductor`, `Reproducible Research` |
| TCGA Data Reanalysis | Reprocessing TCGA cancer datasets using modern network inference methods. | [Nextflow Workflow](https://github.com/QuackenbushLab/tcga-data-nf) | `Cancer Genomics`, `Network Analysis`, `Nextflow` |
| Clinical Genomics Reanalysis | Reanalyzing sequencing data with updated variant databases to improve diagnostic yield. | - | `Clinical Genomics`, `Variant Annotation`, `WES/WGS` |
| Proteomics Aging Clock | Reproducing proteomic aging predictions from UK Biobank data. | - | `Proteomics`, `Machine Learning`, `Biomarker Discovery` |
| **Tool Benchmarking & Method Transfer** |
| DNA-Binding Protein Tools | Benchmarking 11 computational tools for DNA-binding protein identification. | [GitHub](https://github.com/Rafeed-bot/DNA_BP_Benchmarking) | `Tool Benchmarking`, `Machine Learning`, `Protein Analysis` |
| Omics Data ML Methods | Comparing ML methods (SVM, RF, NN) on diverse omics datasets. | [GitHub](https://github.com/Evotec-Bioinformatics/ml-from-omics) | `Machine Learning`, `Multi-omics`, `Hyperparameter Tuning` |
| Single-Cell Pipelines | Benchmarking and comparing outcomes from different scRNA-seq analysis pipelines. | [Repo 1](https://github.com/zhanghao-njmu/SCP), [Repo 2](https://github.com/bioinfoDZ/scDAPP) | `scRNA-seq`, `Pipeline Evaluation`, `Benchmarking` |
| Cross-Species Analysis | Adapting a human-centric analysis pipeline for a model organism dataset. | - | `Comparative Genomics`, `Pipeline Adaptation` |
| Cross-Omics Method Transfer | Applying scRNA-seq clustering methods to spatial proteomics data. | - | `Multi-omics Integration`, `Method Generalization` |
-->

Commit message:

Revise certificates and project portfolio sections
Updated certificate section with new courses and links.

README.md, after:

<!--
## Maximilian Schumacher 👋
*B.Eng. Biotechnology ; (M.Sc. Pharma-Biotechnology)*


👨🏼‍🎓 I’m currently working on my master’s thesis at the [Gene Center Munich](https://www.genzentrum.uni-muenchen.de/research-groups/klughammer/index.html).

🌱 I’m currently learning ...

📫 How to reach me: [schummax@icloud.com](mailto:schummax@icloud.com)

💻 I've got experience working with:
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Python&color=3776AB&logo=Python&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Bash](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Bash&color=000000&logo=gnubash&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.bash.org/)
[![Snakemake](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Snakemake&color=039575&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://snakemake.github.io/)

...

### Project Portfolio 
**(👨🏼‍💻 Work in progress ...)**

| 🚀 **Project** | 🔗 **Link** | 🟢 **Skills** |
| - | - | - |
| P1 | L1 | S1 |
-->

# Maximilian Schumacher 👋
*B.Eng. Biotechnology ; (M.Sc. Pharma-Biotechnology)*

👨🏼‍🎓 I’m currently working on my master’s thesis at the [Gene Center Munich](https://www.genzentrum.uni-muenchen.de/research-groups/klughammer/index.html).

📫 How to reach me: [schummax@icloud.com](mailto:schummax@icloud.com)

---
### 🟢 Certificates

**Interpreting Genomic Variation: Fundamental Principles** *by City St George's, University of London*
[Certificate](https://www.futurelearn.com/certificates/5hoiyvk)

6-Course-Specialization: **Genomic Data Science** *by Johns Hopkins University*
| Course name | Status | Certificate |
|-|-|-|
| Introduction to Genomic Technologies | _Done_ | [Certificate](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/records/04GP6YLEKB27) |
| Python for Genomic Data Science | _...in progress..._ |  |
| Algorithms for DNA Sequencing | _...coming up..._ |  |
| Command Line Tools for Genomic Data Science | _...coming up..._ |  |
| Bioconductor for Genomic Data Science | _...coming up..._ |  |
| Statistics for Genomic Data Science | _...in progress..._ |  |
  
---

### 💻 Skills & Experience

**Languages & Core Libraries:**
<br>
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Python&color=3776AB&logo=Python&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Pandas&color=150458&logo=Pandas&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://pandas.pydata.org/)
[![Polars](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Polars&color=150458&logo=Polars&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.pola.rs/)
[![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=NumPy&color=4D77CF&logo=NumPy&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://numpy.org/)
[![Jupyter](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Jupyter&color=F37626&logo=Jupyter&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://jupyter.org/)
[![Bash](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Bash&color=000000&logo=gnubash&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)

**Workflow & High-Performance Computing (HPC):**
<br>
[![Snakemake](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Snakemake&color=039575&logo=Snakemake&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://snakemake.github.io/)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Linux&color=FCC624&logo=Linux&logoColor=000000)](https://www.linux.org/)
[![Slurm](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=&message=Slurm&color=003A6A&logo=Slurm&logoColor=FFFFFF)](https://slurm.schedmd.com/)

---

### 🚀 Project Portfolio

**(👨🏼‍💻 Work in progress ...)**

| Project | Description | Link |
| - | - | - |
| Tree example variant classifications (ACMG) | Presentation of three variant classification with rationale. | [example_variant_classifications](https://github.com/schummax/example_variant_classifications) |
| Clinical Genomics Reanalysis | Reanalyzing sequencing data with updated variant databases to improve diagnostic yield. | - |
| Best Practice Variant Calling | Simple snakemake workflow, based on best practices. | - |
<!--
| Project | Description | Link | Skills |
| - | - | - | - |
| **Reproducible Research & Large-Scale Studies** |
| SeuratExtend | Recreation of analysis from "SeuratExtend: streamlining single-cell RNA-seq analysis". | [GitHub](https://github.com/huayc09/SeuratExtend) | `scRNA-seq`, `R`, `Python Integration`, `Functional Enrichment` |
| AlphaPept | Analysis framework from "AlphaPept: a modern and open framework for MS-based proteomics". | [GitHub](https://github.com/MannLabs/alphapept) | `Proteomics`, `Mass Spectrometry`, `Machine Learning`, `HDF5` |
| GraphBAN | Implementation of "GraphBAN: An inductive graph-based approach for enhanced prediction of compound-protein interactions". | [GitHub](https://github.com/HamidHadipour/GraphBAN) | `Deep Learning`, `Graph Neural Networks`, `Drug Discovery` |
| RNA-FM | Using the "RNA foundation model for highly accurate RNA structure and function predictions". | [GitHub](https://github.com/ml4bio/RNA-FM) | `Transformer Models`, `RNA Biology`, `Self-Supervised Learning` |
| Multi-center RNA-seq | Benchmarking study from "A real-world multi-center RNA-seq benchmarking study". | [Snakemake Pipeline](https://github.com/lyaqing/snakemake_rnaseq.git) | `RNA-seq`, `Benchmarking`, `Snakemake`, `Quality Control` |
| **Figure Reproduction & Reanalysis** |
| FigureOneLab | Recreating Figure 1 from high-impact computational biology papers. | [GitHub](https://github.com/deanslee/FigureOneLab) | `scRNA-seq`, `Data Visualization`, `Jupyter` |
| Genomics Paper Figures | Step-by-step reproduction of figures from genomics publications. | [Tutorial](https://crazyhottommy.github.io/reproduce_genomics_paper_figures/) | `R`, `Bioconductor`, `Reproducible Research` |
| TCGA Data Reanalysis | Reprocessing TCGA cancer datasets using modern network inference methods. | [Nextflow Workflow](https://github.com/QuackenbushLab/tcga-data-nf) | `Cancer Genomics`, `Network Analysis`, `Nextflow` |
| Clinical Genomics Reanalysis | Reanalyzing sequencing data with updated variant databases to improve diagnostic yield. | - | `Clinical Genomics`, `Variant Annotation`, `WES/WGS` |
| Proteomics Aging Clock | Reproducing proteomic aging predictions from UK Biobank data. | - | `Proteomics`, `Machine Learning`, `Biomarker Discovery` |
| **Tool Benchmarking & Method Transfer** |
| DNA-Binding Protein Tools | Benchmarking 11 computational tools for DNA-binding protein identification. | [GitHub](https://github.com/Rafeed-bot/DNA_BP_Benchmarking) | `Tool Benchmarking`, `Machine Learning`, `Protein Analysis` |
| Omics Data ML Methods | Comparing ML methods (SVM, RF, NN) on diverse omics datasets. | [GitHub](https://github.com/Evotec-Bioinformatics/ml-from-omics) | `Machine Learning`, `Multi-omics`, `Hyperparameter Tuning` |
| Single-Cell Pipelines | Benchmarking and comparing outcomes from different scRNA-seq analysis pipelines. | [Repo 1](https://github.com/zhanghao-njmu/SCP), [Repo 2](https://github.com/bioinfoDZ/scDAPP) | `scRNA-seq`, `Pipeline Evaluation`, `Benchmarking` |
| Cross-Species Analysis | Adapting a human-centric analysis pipeline for a model organism dataset. | - | `Comparative Genomics`, `Pipeline Adaptation` |
| Cross-Omics Method Transfer | Applying scRNA-seq clustering methods to spatial proteomics data. | - | `Multi-omics Integration`, `Method Generalization` |
-->
